and hello to all of you
find for a new draw again
unpacking number 6 with a question game
contest I even released the check list
when it was used for that and I checked
to find out which cards I had
already we see that it starts well
to fill up one is not yet at the
half but 50% approach
so here we are going to shoot we'll see if the
luck smiles us again
hazards we start with the package of
left as usual lubitsch
luscious lubitsch that had been said a
which remained to us more than a map and
it's past slip is a team card
to complete the herzegovina bosnia
so that's a double or we put
that in double helpen mcgeady I do not
did not have it so it's a one to watch
one to watch I do not have much
because I had 15 and zoran tosic
so it's a good map to at 45 and
that's the last one it's the last
of Bosnia and Herzegovina
we see 45 so first teams
incompleteness arrivals is bosnia
Herzegovina
that 's how it may be about game
contest to whom her breasts
attention attention I say maybe I
do not know we'll see in the end surely
I put it at the end of the video
england the logo 9 i did not have it
no it's not 908 number 8 so I
I had not it made a card more
aleksandar dragovic number 137 137
look at 137,7 a double so that's it
one more double is painful enough
but hey two ways it's normal he
should have about a third of
double at the stage where I'm so big
and who I did not have it so it's good
it completes and a little more
the poland team
this is the first package the second
marchisio I did not marchisio
so that's fine it's complete
the italy team
here at the waters is to have a second
game 'change
it's not insignificant it's zlatan
ibrahimovic with heavy also a small
little less than cristiano ronaldo the 332
and 333 that and oh that's nice it's the
swedish in game challenger at and ben
very very well that very very well the
game 'change I got it here it made me
in it make me 2 with with zlatan
ibrahimovic on the other hand I have a lot of
dynamo favorite people the panels
rampart against the stopper ghouls
left stopper I have not bad
whereas the logic would be that the
sapling stopper are in number
how much now I can not reach
the effect the focus gaulle stopper
new there is one by nine pack
So I have that you put a 5.9 to 5.45
if they play around 45 packets but in any
case it's not my more the taste of the
Sweden very well
we are very, very happy that I am
content 184
is it a double yeah that's
a shinji double that 38 this is a
double since the bosnia zioui no there
completed it and mandzukic I had it
not the Croatian striker
so it's not bad with debates note
especially in attack very well very well
let's move on to the next package at the hmr this is
a double of 136 pretty double bros
the beach 258 rising star I had it
already turkey that I did not have it so
that complete do not know I do not have much
of turkish one there it complements a little bit
plus turkey
it's very good behrami 230
it's a new Swiss very very well
eden hazard big notes also in
team i doi is in game 'change too
I think but here it is the teamfight to
244 so very good for belgium
marco v rake it's double so
here we go and tackle the last package
we were going
faster one designed with the little board
there we can see immediately the
doubles so we can right now
dismissed what we already have
so it's not bad so it was done
for that the check list there is a lot
players 500 cards to discover
we know now it is complete
fairground I did not have the player
norwegian and norway
here forum 129 its complete month of
good grades 73 good talk I had it
already 211 that's clear
m face on is about three doubles
by marc package but between 2 and 3 double
in packages now the logo of the
greece I did not have it so it's very
well that completes toni kroos ans dynamo
I did not have dynamos that go
to reach completeness finally has to
soon with tony crosbie mandjeck
minors koke selçuk inan selçuk inan
that's okay very good very good note
excellent at 145 sni but it's true
I have a lot of guards so that
it's double again and it will be the
last map of this pack so here is
contest questions
what game 'change again she
succeeds in having among those who
was left I had many but
which and I've just had in this
print
what is this game 'change that I
had been looking for a long time
not bad
and that's it to complement each other so that I
make crosses where there is new
and then we have a pretty video
short 5 minutes and so that's it
reduced with this little checklist that
appears iron shorter videos but
good if I if I talk a lot too
so
so we'll meet again very soon
in any case for it to be a video
unpacking or of course the small final
and the grand finale final of the copa
america 2015 ciao ciao